{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14500\viewh16180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. pulse NMR\
\
T2 data\
col0 = amplitude\
col1 = time\
col2 = width\
col3 = residual \
\
- plot col0 vs. col1\
- assume 5% uncertainty for col0 and none for col1\
- fit to exponential decay\
- get time constant and uncertainty\
\
2. superconductivity/oscope\
\
CSV = time in seconds, voltage in volts\
ch1 file = volts out of FG = (current through R)*(5000 ohms) \
ch2 file = volts out of preamp = (voltage across R)*(-1000)\
\
- plot voltage across R vs. current across R\
- assume 2% uncertainty for both the voltage and current across R\
- fit to line\
- get resistance R (should be about 1 ohm) and offset (should be 0) and uncertainties\
\
3.  superfluidity - fluke\
\
heat capacity data\
col0 = time in seconds\
col1 = resistance in ohms\
col2 = temperature in Kelvin\
\
- plot time (vertical) vs. temperature (horizontal)  (t vs. T)\
- smooth/bin the t vs. T data\
- perform a numerical derivative and plot dt/dT vs. T \
- determine the location of the discontinuity in the dt/dT vs. T plot as well as the uncertainty\
\
4. superfluidity - lockin\
\
speed of sound data\
CSV \
col0 = resistance in ohms\
col1 = frequency in Hz\
col2 = channel X voltage\
col3 = channel Y voltage\
col4 = channel R voltage (R = sqrt(x^2+y^2))\
\
- plot R vs frequency\
- cut data into peaks\
- assume 5% uncertainty for col1 and none for col4\
- fit peaks to gaussian and/or lorentzian\
- determine spacing between peaks and uncertainty\
\
5. optical pumping \
\
2 voltage 2 channel data\
col0 = date stamp\
col1 = timestamp\
col2 = time in seconds\
col3 = sweep voltage\
col4 = photodiode signal in volts\
\
- plot col4 vs. col1\
- assume 5% uncertainty for both the columns\
- fit peaks to gaussian and/or lorentzian\
- determine spacing between peaks 1 and 2 from the zero field dip as well as uncertainties\
\
6. nuclear physics\
\
gamma ray data from multichannel analyzer\
col0 = energy in arg units (channel number)\
col1 = counts\
\
- plot col1 vs col0\
- uncertainty in col1 is just the square root of number of counts\
- fit photopeak to gaussian and/or lorentzian\
- determine location of photopeak as well as area under photo peak\
\
\
\
}